#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
    #   librabbitmq
anyjson==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
argh==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   watchdog
babel==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-phonenumber-field
bcrypt==3.1.3
    # via paramiko
billiard==3.3.0.23
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.11.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
contextlib2==0.5.4
    # via raven
cryptography==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
django-anymail==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
django-apptemplates==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bower==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compressor==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==1.7.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nose==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ordered-model==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis-sessions==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-supervisor==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==1.11.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-bower
    #   django-phonenumber-field
djangorestframework==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
enum34==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   pyscss
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via mock
idna==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
ipaddress==1.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
jinja2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==3.0.37
    # via -r requirements.in
librabbitmq==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==1.0
    # via jinja2
meld3==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   supervisor
mock==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nose==1.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-nose
olefile==0.44
    # via pillow
paramiko==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pathlib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyscss
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   watchdog
pbr==2.1.0
    # via mock
phonenumberslite==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-phonenumber-field
pillow==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
pycparser==2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pynacl==1.1.2
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==17.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyscss==1.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-memcached==1.58
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2017.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   watchdog
raven==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==2.10.5
    # via django-redis-sessions
requests==2.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-bower
    #   django-extensions
    #   mock
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyscss
    #   python-memcached
supervisor==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-supervisor
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via requests
watchdog==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-supervisor
