#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-prod.in
#
adal==1.2.5
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   msrestazure
azure==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-prod.in
azure-applicationinsights==0.1.0
    # via azure
azure-batch==4.1.3
    # via azure
azure-common==1.1.26
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-cosmosdb-nspkg==2.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-cosmosdb-table==1.0.6
    # via azure
azure-datalake-store==0.0.51
    # via azure
azure-eventgrid==1.3.0
    # via azure
azure-graphrbac==0.40.0
    # via azure
azure-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure
azure-loganalytics==0.1.0
    # via azure
azure-mgmt==4.0.0
    # via azure
azure-mgmt-advisor==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-authorization==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batch==5.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-batchai==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-billing==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cdn==3.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-commerce==1.0.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-compute==4.6.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-consumption==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==1.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==2.8.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-containerservice==4.4.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datafactory==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics==0.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg==3.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
azure-mgmt-datalake-store==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-datamigration==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devspaces==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-dns==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-eventhub==2.6.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-hanaonazure==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothub==0.5.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-keyvault==1.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-logic==3.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute==0.4.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-managementpartner==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-maps==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-media==1.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-monitor==0.5.2
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-msi==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-network==2.7.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-notificationhubs==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-nspkg
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-rdbms==1.9.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==0.3.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-redis==5.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-relay==0.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-reservations==0.2.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-resource==2.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-scheduler==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-search==2.1.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicebus==0.5.3
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-signalr==0.1.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-sql==0.9.1
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-storage==2.0.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-subscription==0.2.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==0.50.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-mgmt-web==0.35.0
    # via azure-mgmt
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cosmosdb-nspkg
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-nspkg
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage
azure-servicebus==0.21.1
    # via azure
azure-servicefabric==6.3.0.0
    # via azure
azure-servicemanagement-legacy==0.20.7
    # via azure
azure-storage==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements-prod.in
azure-storage-blob==1.5.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-storage-file==1.4.0
    # via azure
azure-storage-queue==1.4.0
    # via azure
cachetools==3.1.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-storage-common
google-api-core==1.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
google-cloud-core==0.28.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-prod.in
google-resumable-media==0.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
msrest==0.6.19
    # via
    #   azure-applicationinsights
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-servicefabric
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-eventgrid
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-commerce
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-consumption
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-analytics
    #   azure-mgmt-datalake-store
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devspaces
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hanaonazure
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-logic
    #   azure-mgmt-machinelearningcompute
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-managementpartner
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-powerbiembedded
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-relay
    #   azure-mgmt-reservations
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-scheduler
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
protobuf==3.14.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via adal
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
requests==2.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-servicemanagement-legacy
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   google-api-core
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via msrest
rsa==4.5
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   isodate
    #   msrestazure
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.18
    # via -r requirements-prod.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
